c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\bin\Debug\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows.xr.xml
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\bin\Debug\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows.exe
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\bin\Debug\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows.pdb
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\bin\Debug\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows.exe
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows.pdb
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\bin\Debug\osirisPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\osirisPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\osirisPage.g.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\osirisPage.xaml
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\osirisPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\bin\Debug\alliancePage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\bin\Debug\battleOfSunaionPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\bin\Debug\beforeTheStormPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\bin\Debug\blueTeamPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\bin\Debug\enemyLinesPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\bin\Debug\evacuationPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\bin\Debug\genesisPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\bin\Debug\glassedPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\bin\Debug\guardiansPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\bin\Debug\meridianStationPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\bin\Debug\reunionPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\bin\Debug\swordsOfSangheliosPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\bin\Debug\theBreakingPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\bin\Debug\unconfirmedPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\alliancePage.g.i.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\alliancePage.g.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\battleOfSunaionPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\battleOfSunaionPage.g.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\beforeTheStormPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\beforeTheStormPage.g.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\blueTeamPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\blueTeamPage.g.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\enemyLinesPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\enemyLinesPage.g.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\evacuationPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\evacuationPage.g.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\genesisPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\genesisPage.g.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\glassedPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\glassedPage.g.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\guardiansPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\guardiansPage.g.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\meridianStationPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\meridianStationPage.g.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\reunionPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\reunionPage.g.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\swordsOfSangheliosPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\swordsOfSangheliosPage.g.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\theBreakingPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\theBreakingPage.g.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\unconfirmedPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\unconfirmedPage.g.cs
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\alliancePage.xaml
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\battleOfSunaionPage.xaml
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\beforeTheStormPage.xaml
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\blueTeamPage.xaml
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\enemyLinesPage.xaml
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\evacuationPage.xaml
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\genesisPage.xaml
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\glassedPage.xaml
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\guardiansPage.xaml
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\meridianStationPage.xaml
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\reunionPage.xaml
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\swordsOfSangheliosPage.xaml
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\theBreakingPage.xaml
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\unconfirmedPage.xaml
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\alliancePage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\battleOfSunaionPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\beforeTheStormPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\blueTeamPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\enemyLinesPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\evacuationPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\genesisPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\glassedPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\guardiansPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\meridianStationPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\reunionPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\swordsOfSangheliosPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\theBreakingPage.xbf
c:\users\dara\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015\DaraMacMeanmainApp2015.Windows\obj\Debug\unconfirmedPage.xbf
